Question 31-40 (#13)
eliannyscer/Top-100-Python-Interview: Q31-comment-multiple-lines.md

# How to comment multiple lines in python?

Python does not really have a syntax for multi line comments. To add a multiline comment you could insert a `#` for each line.

`Example:`

```python
#This is a comment
#written in
#more than just one line
print("Hello, World!")

# Output:
Hello, World!
```

> Other way to do it is adding a multiline string (triple quotes or three single quotes) in your code, and place your comment inside it, you can do it because python  ignore string that are not assigned to a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other way to do it is adding a multi-line string (triple quotes or three single quotes) in your code, and place your comment inside it, you can do it because python ignore string that are not assigned to a variable.
```
